# Docs

- Documentation for the v1 API
- If the return of the request isn't stated down there, it's probably in plaintext. Same goes for errors.

-# (this will probably the worst api you've ever tried)

## Terminology
- Session token: Much like RobTop's GJP, but expires every 3 hours. Should reauthenticate each game start.
- User status: Made for special users who are banned, verified, staff, admins, or the owner.
- Plugin status: Whether a plugin is pending, approved, or rejected.

## Plugin endpoints
These are endpoints for plugins.

### GET /api/v1/plugin/fetch
Fetches a plugin's data based on query parameter `id`.

Returns JSON object: (these are pretty self explanatory. Any unclear ones are stated)

- `name`: A string.
- `developer`: A string.
- `id`: A string.
- `version`: A string.
- `serpent_version`: A string. The version of SerpentLua that the plugin targets.
- `script_example`: A string. (this should be a download link to an example script.)
- `description`: A string.
- `download_count`: An integer.
- `status`: A string. Whether the plugin is approved, rejected, or is pending.
- `release_date`: An integer. This is in unix timestamps.
- `last_update_date`: An integer. This is in unix timestamps.
- `download_link`: A string.
- `featured`: A boolean.
- `account_id`: An integer. The account that owns the plugin.
- `source`: A string. The source code of the plugin.

Usage: `{url}/api/v1/plugin/fetch?id=six.seven`

Check `Content-Type` prior to using the response returned, if it's not `application/json` it's probably an error.

### GET /api/v1/plugin/fetch/bulk
Fetches multiple plugins.

Has query parameters:

- `sort`: Can only be `most_recent` and `most_downloaded`.
- `featured`: Can only be 1 or 0. Ignored on 0.
- `status`: Can only be `approved`, `pending`, `rejected`.
- `ids`: IDs separated by comma. (Optional)
- `page`: Self explanatory. Returns at most 10 plugins. (Optional)

Note that at least `ids` or `page` must be provided, `?sort=most_recent&featured=0` is not allowed.

Returns a JSON object (array). All items of the array are the same as what the `GET /api/v1/plugin/fetch` endpoint returns.

### POST /api/v1/plugin/publish
Publishes a plugin to the index. Data is passed in the JSON body.

Must pass Session token as a header `Authorization` to the request. otherwise the request will be cancelled.

JSON body must have: (These are self explanatory.)

- `name`: A string.
- `developer`: A string.
- `id`: A string.
- `version`: A string.
- `serpent_version`: A string.
- `script_example`: A string. (Optional)
- `description`: A string.
- `download_link`: A string.
- `source`: A string.

### PATCH /api/v1/plugin/update
Updates an existing plugin on the index. Data is passed in the JSON body.

Must pass session token as a header `Authorization` otherwise the request will be cancelled.

The JSON body is the same as the `POST /api/v1/plugin/publish` endpoint.

### GET /api/v1/plugin/download
Redirects to a plugin's download link.

Has query parameters:

- `id`
- `script`: (Defaults to false if not provided) Whether to download the script example or just the plugin.

This endpoint checks the download hash before redirecting.

## Higher-level endpoints
These are endpoints for performing staff-level actions.

All of these endpoints require a session token passed as header `Authorization`.

### PATCH /api/v1/moderator/set_plugin
Updates a plugin's status.

Query parameters required:

- `id`
- `status`: Can only be 3 values: `approved`, `pending`, `rejected`.

Requires rank: `"staff"`.

### PATCH /api/v1/moderator/set_user_status
Updates an user's status.

Query paramters required:

- `account_id`
- `status`: Optional. Will delete status if not provided (Helpful for unbanning and demoting staff.)
- `ban_reason`: Can only be provided when `status` is `banned`. Optional.

## Auth endpoints
These are endpoints for authenticating with Argon.

## POST /api/v1/auth/validate
Creates the session and returns the token.

Must pass in JSON body:

- `account_id`
- `argon_token`

## User endpoints
User related endpoints.

### GET /api/v1/user/status
Returns the user's status as a JSON.

Has query parameters:

- `account_id`

Returns:

```json
{
	"status": "user_status", // This will be empty if the user has no status.
	"ban_reason": "skibidi skibidi"
}
```
Note that ban_reason should always be empty if `status != "banned"`. If it's not, then you are probably running on a fork of this API that removed that constraint. (or its just a bug on my part lol)